feat: integrate with gh (#17)
deepset-ai/dc-custom-component-template: README.md

   This creates a zip file called `custom_component.zip` in the `dist` directory and uploads it to deepset Cloud.

For detailed instructions, refer to our documentation on [Creating a Custom Component](https://docs.cloud.deepset.ai/docs/create-a-custom-component).

### GitHub Actions

> We use GitHub Actions to build and push the custom component to deepset Cloud. When you create a tag, the build and push job will be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use GitHub Actions to build and push custom components to deepset Cloud. Create a tag to trigger the build and push job.
```

> After forking/cloning this repository, you need to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After forking or cloning this repository:
```

> 1. add the following [secrets to your repository](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the `DEEPSET_CLOUD_API_KEY` [secret to your repository](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions). This is your deepset Cloud API key.
(To add a secret, go to your repository and choose _Settings > Secrets and variables > Actions > New repository secret_.)
```

>    - `DEEPSET_CLOUD_API_KEY`: Your deepset Cloud API key (repo > settings > secrets and variables > actions > new repository secret)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
